It may be that he sounds a note of preparation. Howbeit, they come at last into the hall, where a lamp is burning, and so into Mr. Tulkinghorn’s usual room—the room where he drank his old wine to-night. He is not there, but his two old-fashioned candlesticks are, and the room is tolerably light. Mr. Bucket, still having his professional hold of Jo and appearing to Mr. Snagsby to possess an unlimited number of eyes, makes a little way into this room, when Jo starts and stops. “What’s the matter?” says Bucket in a whisper. “There she is!” cries Jo. “Who!” “The lady!” A female figure, closely veiled, stands in the middle of the room, where the light falls upon it. It is quite still and silent. The front of the figure is towards them, but it takes no notice of their entrance and remains like a statue. “Now, tell me,” says Bucket aloud, “how you know that to be the lady.” “I know the wale,” replies Jo, staring, “and the bonnet, and the gownd.” “Be quite sure of what you say, Tough,” returns Bucket, narrowly observant of him. “Look again.” “I am a-looking as hard as ever I can look,” says Jo with starting eyes, “and that there’s the wale, the bonnet, and the gownd.” “What about those rings you told me of?” asks Bucket. “A-sparkling all over here,” says Jo, rubbing the fingers of his left hand on the knuckles of his right without taking his eyes from the figure. The figure removes the right-hand glove and shows the hand. “Now, what do you say to that?” asks Bucket. Jo shakes his head. “Not rings a bit like them. Not a hand like that.” “What are you talking of?” says Bucket, evidently pleased though, and well pleased too. “Hand was a deal whiter, a deal delicater, and a deal smaller,” returns Jo. “Why, you’ll tell me I’m my own mother next,” says Mr. Bucket. “Do you recollect the lady’s voice?” “I think I does,” says Jo. The figure speaks. “Was it at all like this? I will speak as long as you like if you are not sure. Was it this voice, or at all like this voice?” Jo looks aghast at Mr. Bucket. “Not a bit!” “Then, what,” retorts that worthy, pointing to the figure, “did you say it was the lady for?” “Cos,” says Jo with a perplexed stare but without being at all shaken in his certainty, “cos that there’s the wale, the bonnet, and the gownd. It is her and it an’t her. It an’t her hand, nor yet her rings, nor yet her woice. But that there’s the wale, the bonnet, and the gownd, and they’re wore the same way wot she wore ’em, and it’s her height wot she wos, and she giv me a sov’ring and hooked it.” “Well!” says Mr. Bucket slightly, “we haven’t got much good out of YOU. But, however, here’s five shillings for you. Take care how you spend it, and don’t get yourself into trouble.” Bucket stealthily tells the coins from one hand into the other like counters—which is a way he has, his principal use of them being in these games of skill—and then puts them, in a little pile, into the boy’s hand and takes him out to the door, leaving Mr.