“My amiable child,” murmured Mr. Turveydrop, adjusting his cravat. “Your son is indefatigable,” said I. “It is my reward,” said Mr. Turveydrop, “to hear you say so. In some respects, he treads in the footsteps of his sainted mother. She was a devoted creature. But wooman, lovely wooman,” said Mr. Turveydrop with very disagreeable gallantry, “what a sex you are!” I rose and joined Miss Jellyby, who was by this time putting on her bonnet. The time allotted to a lesson having fully elapsed, there was a general putting on of bonnets. When Miss Jellyby and the unfortunate Prince found an opportunity to become betrothed I don’t know, but they certainly found none on this occasion to exchange a dozen words. “My dear,” said Mr. Turveydrop benignly to his son, “do you know the hour?” “No, father.” The son had no watch. The father had a handsome gold one, which he pulled out with an air that was an example to mankind. “My son,” said he, “it’s two o’clock. Recollect your school at Kensington at three.” “That’s time enough for me, father,” said Prince. “I can take a morsel of dinner standing and be off.” “My dear boy,” returned his father, “you must be very quick. You will find the cold mutton on the table.” “Thank you, father. Are YOU off now, father?” “Yes, my dear. I suppose,” said Mr. Turveydrop, shutting his eyes and lifting up his shoulders with modest consciousness, “that I must show myself, as usual, about town.” “You had better dine out comfortably somewhere,” said his son. “My dear child, I intend to. I shall take my little meal, I think, at the French house, in the Opera Colonnade.” “That’s right. Good-bye, father!” said Prince, shaking hands. “Good-bye, my son. Bless you!” Mr. Turveydrop said this in quite a pious manner, and it seemed to do his son good, who, in parting from him, was so pleased with him, so dutiful to him, and so proud of him that I almost felt as if it were an unkindness to the younger man not to be able to believe implicitly in the elder. The few moments that were occupied by Prince in taking leave of us (and particularly of one of us, as I saw, being in the secret), enhanced my favourable impression of his almost childish character. I felt a liking for him and a compassion for him as he put his little kit in his pocket—and with it his desire to stay a little while with Caddy—and went away good-humouredly to his cold mutton and his school at Kensington, that made me scarcely less irate with his father than the censorious old lady. The father opened the room door for us and bowed us out in a manner, I must acknowledge, worthy of his shining original. In the same style he presently passed us on the other side of the street, on his way to the aristocratic part of the town, where he was going to show himself among the few other gentlemen left.