All at once she turned from me with a hasty air, almost expressive of displeasure or dislike, and spoke to him over her shoulder again. “Ages have passed since we were in the habit of meeting, Mr. Jarndyce.” “A long time. At least I thought it was a long time, until I saw you last Sunday,” he returned. “What! Even you are a courtier, or think it necessary to become one to me!” she said with some disdain. “I have achieved that reputation, I suppose.” “You have achieved so much, Lady Dedlock,” said my guardian, “that you pay some little penalty, I dare say. But none to me.” “So much!” she repeated, slightly laughing. “Yes!” With her air of superiority, and power, and fascination, and I know not what, she seemed to regard Ada and me as little more than children. So, as she slightly laughed and afterwards sat looking at the rain, she was as self-possessed and as free to occupy herself with her own thoughts as if she had been alone. “I think you knew my sister when we were abroad together better than you know me?” she said, looking at him again. “Yes, we happened to meet oftener,” he returned. “We went our several ways,” said Lady Dedlock, “and had little in common even before we agreed to differ. It is to be regretted, I suppose, but it could not be helped.” Lady Dedlock again sat looking at the rain. The storm soon began to pass upon its way. The shower greatly abated, the lightning ceased, the thunder rolled among the distant hills, and the sun began to glisten on the wet leaves and the falling rain. As we sat there, silently, we saw a little pony phaeton coming towards us at a merry pace. “The messenger is coming back, my Lady,” said the keeper, “with the carriage.” As it drove up, we saw that there were two people inside. There alighted from it, with some cloaks and wrappers, first the Frenchwoman whom I had seen in church, and secondly the pretty girl, the Frenchwoman with a defiant confidence, the pretty girl confused and hesitating. “What now?” said Lady Dedlock. “Two!” “I am your maid, my Lady, at the present,” said the Frenchwoman. “The message was for the attendant.” “I was afraid you might mean me, my Lady,” said the pretty girl. “I did mean you, child,” replied her mistress calmly. “Put that shawl on me.” She slightly stooped her shoulders to receive it, and the pretty girl lightly dropped it in its place. The Frenchwoman stood unnoticed, looking on with her lips very tightly set. “I am sorry,” said Lady Dedlock to Mr. Jarndyce, “that we are not likely to renew our former acquaintance. You will allow me to send the carriage back for your two wards. It shall be here directly.” But as he would on no account accept this offer, she took a graceful leave of Ada—none of me—and put her hand upon his proffered arm, and got into the carriage, which was a little, low, park carriage with a hood.