But in a few minutes he would recklessly conjure up some undefinable means by which they were both to be made rich and happy for ever, and would become as gay as possible. It was a busy time, and I trotted about with him all day long, buying a variety of things of which he stood in need. Of the things he would have bought if he had been left to his own ways I say nothing. He was perfectly confidential with me, and often talked so sensibly and feelingly about his faults and his vigorous resolutions, and dwelt so much upon the encouragement he derived from these conversations that I could never have been tired if I had tried. There used, in that week, to come backward and forward to our lodging to fence with Richard a person who had formerly been a cavalry soldier; he was a fine bluff-looking man, of a frank free bearing, with whom Richard had practised for some months. I heard so much about him, not only from Richard, but from my guardian too, that I was purposely in the room with my work one morning after breakfast when he came. “Good morning, Mr. George,” said my guardian, who happened to be alone with me. “Mr. Carstone will be here directly. Meanwhile, Miss Summerson is very happy to see you, I know. Sit down.” He sat down, a little disconcerted by my presence, I thought, and without looking at me, drew his heavy sunburnt hand across and across his upper lip. “You are as punctual as the sun,” said Mr. Jarndyce. “Military time, sir,” he replied. “Force of habit. A mere habit in me, sir. I am not at all business-like.” “Yet you have a large establishment, too, I am told?” said Mr. Jarndyce. “Not much of a one, sir. I keep a shooting gallery, but not much of a one.” “And what kind of a shot and what kind of a swordsman do you make of Mr. Carstone?” said my guardian. “Pretty good, sir,” he replied, folding his arms upon his broad chest and looking very large. “If Mr. Carstone was to give his full mind to it, he would come out very good.” “But he don’t, I suppose?” said my guardian. “He did at first, sir, but not afterwards. Not his full mind. Perhaps he has something else upon it—some young lady, perhaps.” His bright dark eyes glanced at me for the first time. “He has not me upon his mind, I assure you, Mr. George,” said I, laughing, “though you seem to suspect me.” He reddened a little through his brown and made me a trooper’s bow. “No offence, I hope, miss. I am one of the roughs.” “Not at all,” said I. “I take it as a compliment.” If he had not looked at me before, he looked at me now in three or four quick successive glances. “I beg your pardon, sir,” he said to my guardian with a manly kind of diffidence, “but you did me the honour to mention the young lady’s name—” “Miss Summerson.” “Miss Summerson,” he repeated, and looked at me again.