And never believe, dear dear Mr. Woodcourt, never believe that I forget this night or that while my heart beats it can be insensible to the pride and joy of having been beloved by you.” He took my hand and kissed it. He was like himself again, and I felt still more encouraged. “I am induced by what you said just now,” said I, “to hope that you have succeeded in your endeavour.” “I have,” he answered. “With such help from Mr. Jarndyce as you who know him so well can imagine him to have rendered me, I have succeeded.” “Heaven bless him for it,” said I, giving him my hand; “and heaven bless you in all you do!” “I shall do it better for the wish,” he answered; “it will make me enter on these new duties as on another sacred trust from you.” “Ah! Richard!” I exclaimed involuntarily, “What will he do when you are gone!” “I am not required to go yet; I would not desert him, dear Miss Summerson, even if I were.” One other thing I felt it needful to touch upon before he left me. I knew that I should not be worthier of the love I could not take if I reserved it. “Mr. Woodcourt,” said I, “you will be glad to know from my lips before I say good night that in the future, which is clear and bright before me, I am most happy, most fortunate, have nothing to regret or desire.” It was indeed a glad hearing to him, he replied. “From my childhood I have been,” said I, “the object of the untiring goodness of the best of human beings, to whom I am so bound by every tie of attachment, gratitude, and love, that nothing I could do in the compass of a life could express the feelings of a single day.” “I share those feelings,” he returned. “You speak of Mr. Jarndyce.” “You know his virtues well,” said I, “but few can know the greatness of his character as I know it. All its highest and best qualities have been revealed to me in nothing more brightly than in the shaping out of that future in which I am so happy. And if your highest homage and respect had not been his already—which I know they are—they would have been his, I think, on this assurance and in the feeling it would have awakened in you towards him for my sake.” He fervently replied that indeed indeed they would have been. I gave him my hand again. “Good night,” I said, “Good-bye.” “The first until we meet to-morrow, the second as a farewell to this theme between us for ever.” “Yes.” “Good night; good-bye.” He left me, and I stood at the dark window watching the street. His love, in all its constancy and generosity, had come so suddenly upon me that he had not left me a minute when my fortitude gave way again and the street was blotted out by my rushing tears.