If she wishes to withdraw herself from that notice and favour or if she chooses to place herself under the influence of any one who may in his peculiar opinions—you will allow me to say, in his peculiar opinions, though I readily admit that he is not accountable for them to me—who may, in his peculiar opinions, withdraw her from that notice and favour, she is at any time at liberty to do so. We are obliged to you for the plainness with which you have spoken. It will have no effect of itself, one way or other, on the young woman’s position here. Beyond this, we can make no terms; and here we beg—if you will be so good—to leave the subject.” The visitor pauses a moment to give my Lady an opportunity, but she says nothing. He then rises and replies, “Sir Leicester and Lady Dedlock, allow me to thank you for your attention and only to observe that I shall very seriously recommend my son to conquer his present inclinations. Good night!” “Mr. Rouncewell,” says Sir Leicester with all the nature of a gentleman shining in him, “it is late, and the roads are dark. I hope your time is not so precious but that you will allow my Lady and myself to offer you the hospitality of Chesney Wold, for to-night at least.” “I hope so,” adds my Lady. “I am much obliged to you, but I have to travel all night in order to reach a distant part of the country punctually at an appointed time in the morning.” Therewith the ironmaster takes his departure, Sir Leicester ringing the bell and my Lady rising as he leaves the room. When my Lady goes to her boudoir, she sits down thoughtfully by the fire, and inattentive to the Ghost’s Walk, looks at Rosa, writing in an inner room. Presently my Lady calls her. “Come to me, child. Tell me the truth. Are you in love?” “Oh! My Lady!” My Lady, looking at the downcast and blushing face, says smiling, “Who is it? Is it Mrs. Rouncewell’s grandson?” “Yes, if you please, my Lady. But I don’t know that I am in love with him—yet.” “Yet, you silly little thing! Do you know that he loves YOU, yet?” “I think he likes me a little, my Lady.” And Rosa bursts into tears. Is this Lady Dedlock standing beside the village beauty, smoothing her dark hair with that motherly touch, and watching her with eyes so full of musing interest? Aye, indeed it is! “Listen to me, child. You are young and true, and I believe you are attached to me.” “Indeed I am, my Lady. Indeed there is nothing in the world I wouldn’t do to show how much.” “And I don’t think you would wish to leave me just yet, Rosa, even for a lover?” “No, my Lady! Oh, no!” Rosa looks up for the first time, quite frightened at the thought. “Confide in me, my child.