CHAPTER LXVII



The Close of Esther’s Narrative





Full seven happy years I have been the mistress of Bleak House. The

few words that I have to add to what I have written are soon penned;

then I and the unknown friend to whom I write will part for ever. Not

without much dear remembrance on my side. Not without some, I hope,

on his or hers.



They gave my darling into my arms, and through many weeks I never

left her. The little child who was to have done so much was born

before the turf was planted on its father’s grave. It was a boy; and

I, my husband, and my guardian gave him his father’s name.



The help that my dear counted on did come to her, though it came, in

the eternal wisdom, for another purpose. Though to bless and restore

his mother, not his father, was the errand of this baby, its power

was mighty to do it. When I saw the strength of the weak little hand

and how its touch could heal my darling’s heart and raised hope

within her, I felt a new sense of the goodness and the tenderness of

God.



They throve, and by degrees I saw my dear girl pass into my country

garden and walk there with her infant in her arms. I was married

then. I was the happiest of the happy.



It was at this time that my guardian joined us and asked Ada when she

would come home.



“Both houses are your home, my dear,” said he, “but the older Bleak

House claims priority. When you and my boy are strong enough to do

it, come and take possession of your home.”



Ada called him “her dearest cousin, John.” But he said, no, it must

be guardian now. He was her guardian henceforth, and the boy’s; and

he had an old association with the name. So she called him guardian,

and has called him guardian ever since. The children know him by no

other name. I say the children; I have two little daughters.



It is difficult to believe that Charley (round-eyed still, and not at

all grammatical) is married to a miller in our neighbourhood; yet so

it is; and even now, looking up from my desk as I write early in the

morning at my summer window, I see the very mill beginning to go

round. I hope the miller will not spoil Charley; but he is very fond

of her, and Charley is rather vain of such a match, for he is well to

do and was in great request. So far as my small maid is concerned, I

might suppose time to have stood for seven years as still as the mill

did half an hour ago, since little Emma, Charley’s sister, is exactly

what Charley used to be. As to Tom, Charley’s brother, I am really

afraid to say what he did at school in ciphering, but I think it was

decimals. He is apprenticed to the miller, whatever it was, and is a

good bashful fellow, always falling in love with somebody and being

ashamed of it.



Caddy Jellyby passed her very last holidays with us and was a dearer

creature than ever, perpetually dancing in and out of the house with

the children as if she had never given a dancing-lesson in her life.

Caddy keeps her own little carriage now instead of hiring one, and

lives full two miles further westward than Newman Street. She works

very hard, her husband (an excellent one) being lame and able to do

very little. Still, she is more than contented and does all she has

to do with all her heart. Mr. Jellyby spends his evenings at her new

house with his head against the wall as he used to do in her old one.

I have heard that Mrs. Jellyby was understood to suffer great

mortification from her daughter’s ignoble marriage and pursuits, but

I hope she got over it in time. She has been disappointed in

Borrioboola-Gha, which turned out a failure in consequence of the

king of Borrioboola wanting to sell everybody—who survived the

climate—for rum, but she has taken up with the rights of women to

sit in Parliament, and Caddy tells me it is a mission involving more

correspondence than the old one. I had almost forgotten Caddy’s poor

little girl. She is not such a mite now, but she is deaf and dumb. I

believe there never was a better mother than Caddy, who learns, in

her scanty intervals of leisure, innumerable deaf and dumb arts to

soften the affliction of her child.



As if I were never to have done with Caddy, I am reminded here of

Peepy and old Mr. Turveydrop. Peepy is in the Custom House, and doing

extremely well. Old Mr. Turveydrop, very apoplectic, still exhibits

his deportment about town, still enjoys himself in the old manner, is

still believed in in the old way. He is constant in his patronage of

Peepy and is understood to have bequeathed him a favourite French

clock in his dressing-room—which is not his property.



With the first money we saved at home, we added to our pretty house

by throwing out a little growlery expressly for my guardian, which we

inaugurated with great splendour the next time he came down to see

us. I try to write all this lightly, because my heart is full in

drawing to an end, but when I write of him, my tears will have their

way.



I never look at him but I hear our poor dear Richard calling him a

good man. To Ada and her pretty boy, he is the fondest father; to me

he is what he has ever been, and what name can I give to that? He is

my husband’s best and dearest friend, he is our children’s darling,

he is the object of our deepest love and veneration. Yet while I feel

towards him as if he were a superior being, I am so familiar with him

and so easy with him that I almost wonder at myself. I have never

lost my old names, nor has he lost his; nor do I ever, when he is

with us, sit in any other place than in my old chair at his side,

Dame Trot, Dame Durden, Little Woman—all just the same as ever; and

I answer, “Yes, dear guardian!” just the same.



I have never known the wind to be in the east for a single moment

since the day when he took me to the porch to read the name. I

remarked to him once that the wind seemed never in the east now, and

he said, no, truly; it had finally departed from that quarter on that

very day.



I think my darling girl is more beautiful than ever. The sorrow that

has been in her face—for it is not there now—seems to have purified

even its innocent expression and to have given it a diviner quality.

Sometimes when I raise my eyes and see her in the black dress that

she still wears, teaching my Richard, I feel—it is difficult to

express—as if it were so good to know that she remembers her dear

Esther in her prayers.



I call him my Richard! But he says that he has two mamas, and I am

one.



We are not rich in the bank, but we have always prospered, and we

have quite enough. I never walk out with my husband but I hear the

people bless him. I never go into a house of any degree but I hear

his praises or see them in grateful eyes. I never lie down at night

but I know that in the course of that day he has alleviated pain and

soothed some fellow-creature in the time of need. I know that from

the beds of those who were past recovery, thanks have often, often

gone up, in the last hour, for his patient ministration. Is not this

to be rich?



The people even praise me as the doctor’s wife. The people even like

me as I go about, and make so much of me that I am quite abashed. I

owe it all to him, my love, my pride! They like me for his sake, as I

do everything I do in life for his sake.



A night or two ago, after bustling about preparing for my darling and

my guardian and little Richard, who are coming to-morrow, I was

sitting out in the porch of all places, that dearly memorable porch,

when Allan came home. So he said, “My precious little woman, what are

you doing here?” And I said, “The moon is shining so brightly, Allan,

and the night is so delicious, that I have been sitting here

thinking.”



“What have you been thinking about, my dear?” said Allan then.



“How curious you are!” said I. “I am almost ashamed to tell you, but

I will. I have been thinking about my old looks—such as they were.”



“And what have you been thinking about THEM, my busy bee?” said

Allan.



“I have been thinking that I thought it was impossible that you COULD

have loved me any better, even if I had retained them.”



“‘Such as they were’?” said Allan, laughing.



“Such as they were, of course.”



“My dear Dame Durden,” said Allan, drawing my arm through his, “do

you ever look in the glass?”



“You know I do; you see me do it.”



“And don’t you know that you are prettier than you ever were?”



I did not know that; I am not certain that I know it now. But I know

that my dearest little pets are very pretty, and that my darling is

very beautiful, and that my husband is very handsome, and that my

guardian has the brightest and most benevolent face that ever was

seen, and that they can very well do without much beauty in me—even

supposing—.







*** END OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK BLEAK HOUSE ***









Updated editions will replace the previous one—the old editions will

be renamed.



Creating the works from print editions not protected by U.S. copyright

law means that no one owns a United States copyright in these works,

so the Foundation (and you!) can copy and distribute it in the United

States without permission and without paying copyright

royalties. Special rules, set forth in the General Terms of Use part

of this license, apply to copying and distributing Project

Gutenberg™ electronic works to protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG™

concept and trademark. Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark,

and may not be used if you charge for an eBook, except by following

the terms of the trademark license, including paying royalties for use

of the Project Gutenberg trademark. If you do not charge anything for

copies of this eBook, complying with the trademark license is very

easy. You may use this eBook for nearly any purpose such as creation

of derivative works, reports, performances and research. Project

Gutenberg eBooks may be modified and printed and given away—you may

do practically ANYTHING in the United States with eBooks not protected

by U.S. copyright law. Redistribution is subject to the trademark

license, especially commercial redistribution.





START: FULL LICENSE



THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE



PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK



To protect the Project Gutenberg™ mission of promoting the free

distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work

(or any other work associated in any way with the phrase “Project

Gutenberg”), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full

Project Gutenberg™ License available with this file or online at

www.gutenberg.org/license.



Section 1. General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project Gutenberg™

electronic works



1.A. By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg™

electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to

and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property

(trademark/copyright) agreement. If you do not agree to abide by all

the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or

destroy all copies of Project Gutenberg™ electronic works in your

possession. If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a

Project Gutenberg™ electronic work and you do not agree to be bound

by the terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the person

or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph 1.E.8.



1.B. “Project Gutenberg” is a registered trademark. It may only be

used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who

agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement. There are a few

things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg™ electronic works

even without complying with the full terms of this agreement. See

paragraph 1.C below. There are a lot of things you can do with Project

Gutenberg™ electronic works if you follow the terms of this

agreement and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg™

electronic works. See paragraph 1.E below.



1.C. The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation (“the

Foundation” or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection

of Project Gutenberg™ electronic works. Nearly all the individual

works in the collection are in the public domain in the United

States. If an individual work is unprotected by copyright law in the

United States and you are located in the United States, we do not

claim a right to prevent you from copying, distributing, performing,

displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as

all references to Project Gutenberg are removed. Of course, we hope

that you will support the Project Gutenberg™ mission of promoting

free access to electronic works by freely sharing Project Gutenberg™

works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the

Project Gutenberg™ name associated with the work. You can easily

comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the

same format with its attached full Project Gutenberg™ License when

you share it without charge with others.



1.D. The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern

what you can do with this work. Copyright laws in most countries are

in a constant state of change. If you are outside the United States,

check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this

agreement before downloading, copying, displaying, performing,

distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any

other Project Gutenberg™ work. The Foundation makes no

representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any

country other than the United States.



1.E. Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:



1.E.1. The following sentence, with active links to, or other

immediate access to, the full Project Gutenberg™ License must appear

prominently whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg™ work (any work

on which the phrase “Project Gutenberg” appears, or with which the

phrase “Project Gutenberg” is associated) is accessed, displayed,

performed, viewed, copied or distributed:



This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and most

other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions

whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms

of the Project Gutenberg License included with this eBook or online

at www.gutenberg.org. If you

are not located in the United States, you will have to check the laws

of the country where you are located before using this eBook.



1.E.2. If an individual Project Gutenberg™ electronic work is

derived from texts not protected by U.S. copyright law (does not

contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the

copyright holder), the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in

the United States without paying any fees or charges. If you are

redistributing or providing access to a work with the phrase “Project

Gutenberg” associated with or appearing on the work, you must comply

either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 or

obtain permission for the use of the work and the Project Gutenberg™

trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.



1.E.3. If an individual Project Gutenberg™ electronic work is posted

with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution

must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any

additional terms imposed by the copyright holder. Additional terms

will be linked to the Project Gutenberg™ License for all works

posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the

beginning of this work.



1.E.4. Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg™

License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this

work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg™.



1.E.5. Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this

electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without

prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with

active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project

Gutenberg™ License.



1.E.6. You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary,

compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including

any word processing or hypertext form. However, if you provide access

to or distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg™ work in a format

other than “Plain Vanilla ASCII” or other format used in the official

version posted on the official Project Gutenberg™ website

(www.gutenberg.org), you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense

to the user, provide a copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means

of obtaining a copy upon request, of the work in its original “Plain

Vanilla ASCII” or other form. Any alternate format must include the

full Project Gutenberg™ License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.



1.E.7. Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying,

performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg™ works

unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.



1.E.8. You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing

access to or distributing Project Gutenberg™ electronic works

provided that:



• You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from

the use of Project Gutenberg™ works calculated using the method

you already use to calculate your applicable taxes. The fee is owed

to the owner of the Project Gutenberg™ trademark, but he has

agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the Project

Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation. Royalty payments must be paid

within 60 days following each date on which you prepare (or are

legally required to prepare) your periodic tax returns. Royalty

payments should be clearly marked as such and sent to the Project

Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the address specified in

Section 4, “Information about donations to the Project Gutenberg

Literary Archive Foundation.”



• You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies

you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he

does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg™

License. You must require such a user to return or destroy all

copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue

all use of and all access to other copies of Project Gutenberg™

works.



• You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of

any money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the

electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days of

receipt of the work.



• You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free

distribution of Project Gutenberg™ works.





1.E.9. If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project

Gutenberg™ electronic work or group of works on different terms than

are set forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing

from the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the manager of

the Project Gutenberg™ trademark. Contact the Foundation as set

forth in Section 3 below.



1.F.



1.F.1. Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable

effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread

works not protected by U.S. copyright law in creating the Project

Gutenberg™ collection. Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg™

electronic works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may

contain “Defects,” such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate

or corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other

intellectual property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or

other medium, a computer virus, or computer codes that damage or

cannot be read by your equipment.



1.F.2. LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the “Right

of Replacement or Refund” described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project

Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project

Gutenberg™ trademark, and any other party distributing a Project

Gutenberg™ electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all

liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal

fees. YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT

LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE

PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH 1.F.3. YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE

TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE

LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR

INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH

DAMAGE.



1.F.3. LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a

defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can

receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a

written explanation to the person you received the work from. If you

received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium

with your written explanation. The person or entity that provided you

with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in

lieu of a refund. If you received the work electronically, the person

or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second

opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund. If

the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing

without further opportunities to fix the problem.



1.F.4. Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth

in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you ‘AS-IS’, WITH NO

OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT

LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.



1.F.5. Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied

warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of

damages. If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement

violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the

agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or

limitation permitted by the applicable state law. The invalidity or

unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the

remaining provisions.



1.F.6. INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the

trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone

providing copies of Project Gutenberg™ electronic works in

accordance with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the

production, promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg™

electronic works, harmless from all liability, costs and expenses,

including legal fees, that arise directly or indirectly from any of

the following which you do or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this

or any Project Gutenberg™ work, (b) alteration, modification, or

additions or deletions to any Project Gutenberg™ work, and (c) any

Defect you cause.



Section 2. Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg™



Project Gutenberg™ is synonymous with the free distribution of

electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of

computers including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers. It

exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations

from people in all walks of life.



Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the

assistance they need are critical to reaching Project Gutenberg™’s

goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg™ collection will

remain freely available for generations to come. In 2001, the Project

Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure

and permanent future for Project Gutenberg™ and future

generations. To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary

Archive Foundation and how your efforts and donations can help, see

Sections 3 and 4 and the Foundation information page at www.gutenberg.org.



Section 3. Information about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation



The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non-profit

501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the

state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal

Revenue Service. The Foundation’s EIN or federal tax identification

number is 64-6221541. Contributions to the Project Gutenberg Literary

Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by

U.S. federal laws and your state’s laws.



The Foundation’s business office is located at 809 North 1500 West,

Salt Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887. Email contact links and up

to date contact information can be found at the Foundation’s website

and official page at www.gutenberg.org/contact



Section 4. Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg

Literary Archive Foundation



Project Gutenberg™ depends upon and cannot survive without widespread

public support and donations to carry out its mission of

increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be

freely distributed in machine-readable form accessible by the widest

array of equipment including outdated equipment. Many small donations

($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt

status with the IRS.



The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating

charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United

States. Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a

considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up

with these requirements. We do not solicit donations in locations

where we have not received written confirmation of compliance. To SEND

DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any particular state

visit www.gutenberg.org/donate.



While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we

have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition

against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who

approach us with offers to donate.



International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make

any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from

outside the United States. U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.



Please check the Project Gutenberg web pages for current donation

methods and addresses. Donations are accepted in a number of other

ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations. To

donate, please visit: www.gutenberg.org/donate.



Section 5. General Information About Project Gutenberg™ electronic works



Professor Michael S. Hart was the originator of the Project

Gutenberg™ concept of a library of electronic works that could be

freely shared with anyone. For forty years, he produced and

distributed Project Gutenberg™ eBooks with only a loose network of

volunteer support.



Project Gutenberg™ eBooks are often created from several printed

editions, all of which are confirmed as not protected by copyright in

the U.S. unless a copyright notice is included. Thus, we do not

necessarily keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper

edition.



Most people start at our website which has the main PG search

facility: www.gutenberg.org.



This website includes information about Project Gutenberg™,

including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary

Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to

subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.