She went one way, and Jenny went another; one went right to Lunnun, and t’other went right from it. That’s all about it. Ask this man. He heerd it all, and see it all. He knows.” The other man repeated, “That’s all about it.” “Was the lady crying?” I inquired. “Devil a bit,” returned the first man. “Her shoes was the worse, and her clothes was the worse, but she warn’t—not as I see.” The woman sat with her arms crossed and her eyes upon the ground. Her husband had turned his seat a little so as to face her and kept his hammer-like hand upon the table as if it were in readiness to execute his threat if she disobeyed him. “I hope you will not object to my asking your wife,” said I, “how the lady looked.” “Come, then!” he gruffly cried to her. “You hear what she says. Cut it short and tell her.” “Bad,” replied the woman. “Pale and exhausted. Very bad.” “Did she speak much?” “Not much, but her voice was hoarse.” She answered, looking all the while at her husband for leave. “Was she faint?” said I. “Did she eat or drink here?” “Go on!” said the husband in answer to her look. “Tell her and cut it short.” “She had a little water, miss, and Jenny fetched her some bread and tea. But she hardly touched it.” “And when she went from here,” I was proceeding, when Jenny’s husband impatiently took me up. “When she went from here, she went right away nor’ard by the high road. Ask on the road if you doubt me, and see if it warn’t so. Now, there’s the end. That’s all about it.” I glanced at my companion, and finding that he had already risen and was ready to depart, thanked them for what they had told me, and took my leave. The woman looked full at Mr. Bucket as he went out, and he looked full at her. “Now, Miss Summerson,” he said to me as we walked quickly away. “They’ve got her ladyship’s watch among ’em. That’s a positive fact.” “You saw it?” I exclaimed. “Just as good as saw it,” he returned. “Else why should he talk about his ‘twenty minutes past’ and about his having no watch to tell the time by? Twenty minutes! He don’t usually cut his time so fine as that. If he comes to half-hours, it’s as much as HE does. Now, you see, either her ladyship gave him that watch or he took it. I think she gave it him. Now, what should she give it him for? What should she give it him for?” He repeated this question to himself several times as we hurried on, appearing to balance between a variety of answers that arose in his mind. “If time could be spared,” said Mr. Bucket, “which is the only thing that can’t be spared in this case, I might get it out of that woman; but it’s too doubtful a chance to trust to under present circumstances.