It said, “What the de-vil are you crying for?” I was so frightened that I lost my voice and could only answer in a whisper, “Me, sir?” For of course I knew it must have been the gentleman in the quantity of wrappings, though he was still looking out of his window. “Yes, you,” he said, turning round. “I didn’t know I was crying, sir,” I faltered. “But you are!” said the gentleman. “Look here!” He came quite opposite to me from the other corner of the coach, brushed one of his large furry cuffs across my eyes (but without hurting me), and showed me that it was wet. “There! Now you know you are,” he said. “Don’t you?” “Yes, sir,” I said. “And what are you crying for?” said the gentleman, “Don’t you want to go there?” “Where, sir?” “Where? Why, wherever you are going,” said the gentleman. “I am very glad to go there, sir,” I answered. “Well, then! Look glad!” said the gentleman. I thought he was very strange, or at least that what I could see of him was very strange, for he was wrapped up to the chin, and his face was almost hidden in a fur cap with broad fur straps at the side of his head fastened under his chin; but I was composed again, and not afraid of him. So I told him that I thought I must have been crying because of my godmother’s death and because of Mrs. Rachael’s not being sorry to part with me. “Confound Mrs. Rachael!” said the gentleman. “Let her fly away in a high wind on a broomstick!” I began to be really afraid of him now and looked at him with the greatest astonishment. But I thought that he had pleasant eyes, although he kept on muttering to himself in an angry manner and calling Mrs. Rachael names. After a little while he opened his outer wrapper, which appeared to me large enough to wrap up the whole coach, and put his arm down into a deep pocket in the side. “Now, look here!” he said. “In this paper,” which was nicely folded, “is a piece of the best plum-cake that can be got for money—sugar on the outside an inch thick, like fat on mutton chops. Here’s a little pie (a gem this is, both for size and quality), made in France. And what do you suppose it’s made of? Livers of fat geese. There’s a pie! Now let’s see you eat ’em.” “Thank you, sir,” I replied; “thank you very much indeed, but I hope you won’t be offended—they are too rich for me.” “Floored again!” said the gentleman, which I didn’t at all understand, and threw them both out of window. He did not speak to me any more until he got out of the coach a little way short of Reading, when he advised me to be a good girl and to be studious, and shook hands with me. I must say I was relieved by his departure.