Jarndyce of Bleak House, and why she thought so? Presently he rose courteously and released her, and then he spoke for a minute or two with Richard Carstone, not seated, but standing, and altogether with more ease and less ceremony, as if he still knew, though he WAS Lord Chancellor, how to go straight to the candour of a boy. “Very well!” said his lordship aloud. “I shall make the order. Mr. Jarndyce of Bleak House has chosen, so far as I may judge,” and this was when he looked at me, “a very good companion for the young lady, and the arrangement altogether seems the best of which the circumstances admit.” He dismissed us pleasantly, and we all went out, very much obliged to him for being so affable and polite, by which he had certainly lost no dignity but seemed to us to have gained some. When we got under the colonnade, Mr. Kenge remembered that he must go back for a moment to ask a question and left us in the fog, with the Lord Chancellor’s carriage and servants waiting for him to come out. “Well!” said Richard Carstone. “THAT’S over! And where do we go next, Miss Summerson?” “Don’t you know?” I said. “Not in the least,” said he. “And don’t YOU know, my love?” I asked Ada. “No!” said she. “Don’t you?” “Not at all!” said I. We looked at one another, half laughing at our being like the children in the wood, when a curious little old woman in a squeezed bonnet and carrying a reticule came curtsying and smiling up to us with an air of great ceremony. “Oh!” said she. “The wards in Jarndyce! Ve-ry happy, I am sure, to have the honour! It is a good omen for youth, and hope, and beauty when they find themselves in this place, and don’t know what’s to come of it.” “Mad!” whispered Richard, not thinking she could hear him. “Right! Mad, young gentleman,” she returned so quickly that he was quite abashed. “I was a ward myself. I was not mad at that time,” curtsying low and smiling between every little sentence. “I had youth and hope. I believe, beauty. It matters very little now. Neither of the three served or saved me. I have the honour to attend court regularly. With my documents. I expect a judgment. Shortly. On the Day of Judgment. I have discovered that the sixth seal mentioned in the Revelations is the Great Seal. It has been open a long time! Pray accept my blessing.” As Ada was a little frightened, I said, to humour the poor old lady, that we were much obliged to her. “Ye-es!” she said mincingly. “I imagine so. And here is Conversation Kenge. With HIS documents! How does your honourable worship do?” “Quite well, quite well! Now don’t be troublesome, that’s a good soul!” said Mr. Kenge, leading the way back. “By no means,” said the poor old lady, keeping up with Ada and me.