He dresses at that gentleman (by whom he is patronized), talks at him, walks at him, founds himself entirely on him. He is honoured with Mr. Guppy’s particular confidence and occasionally advises him, from the deep wells of his experience, on difficult points in private life. Mr. Guppy has been lolling out of window all the morning after trying all the stools in succession and finding none of them easy, and after several times putting his head into the iron safe with a notion of cooling it. Mr. Smallweed has been twice dispatched for effervescent drinks, and has twice mixed them in the two official tumblers and stirred them up with the ruler. Mr. Guppy propounds for Mr. Smallweed’s consideration the paradox that the more you drink the thirstier you are and reclines his head upon the window-sill in a state of hopeless languor. While thus looking out into the shade of Old Square, Lincoln’s Inn, surveying the intolerable bricks and mortar, Mr. Guppy becomes conscious of a manly whisker emerging from the cloistered walk below and turning itself up in the direction of his face. At the same time, a low whistle is wafted through the Inn and a suppressed voice cries, “Hip! Gup-py!” “Why, you don’t mean it!” says Mr. Guppy, aroused. “Small! Here’s Jobling!” Small’s head looks out of window too and nods to Jobling. “Where have you sprung up from?” inquires Mr. Guppy. “From the market-gardens down by Deptford. I can’t stand it any longer. I must enlist. I say! I wish you’d lend me half a crown. Upon my soul, I’m hungry.” Jobling looks hungry and also has the appearance of having run to seed in the market-gardens down by Deptford. “I say! Just throw out half a crown if you have got one to spare. I want to get some dinner.” “Will you come and dine with me?” says Mr. Guppy, throwing out the coin, which Mr. Jobling catches neatly. “How long should I have to hold out?” says Jobling. “Not half an hour. I am only waiting here till the enemy goes,” returns Mr. Guppy, butting inward with his head. “What enemy?” “A new one. Going to be articled. Will you wait?” “Can you give a fellow anything to read in the meantime?” says Mr. Jobling. Smallweed suggests the law list. But Mr. Jobling declares with much earnestness that he “can’t stand it.” “You shall have the paper,” says Mr. Guppy. “He shall bring it down. But you had better not be seen about here. Sit on our staircase and read. It’s a quiet place.” Jobling nods intelligence and acquiescence. The sagacious Smallweed supplies him with the newspaper and occasionally drops his eye upon him from the landing as a precaution against his becoming disgusted with waiting and making an untimely departure. At last the enemy retreats, and then Smallweed fetches Mr. Jobling up. “Well, and how are you?” says Mr. Guppy, shaking hands with him. “So, so. How are you?” Mr. Guppy replying that he is not much to boast of, Mr.