“Who has locked you up here alone?” we naturally asked. “Charley,” said the boy, standing still to gaze at us. “Is Charley your brother?” “No. She’s my sister, Charlotte. Father called her Charley.” “Are there any more of you besides Charley?” “Me,” said the boy, “and Emma,” patting the limp bonnet of the child he was nursing. “And Charley.” “Where is Charley now?” “Out a-washing,” said the boy, beginning to walk up and down again and taking the nankeen bonnet much too near the bedstead by trying to gaze at us at the same time. We were looking at one another and at these two children when there came into the room a very little girl, childish in figure but shrewd and older-looking in the face—pretty-faced too—wearing a womanly sort of bonnet much too large for her and drying her bare arms on a womanly sort of apron. Her fingers were white and wrinkled with washing, and the soap-suds were yet smoking which she wiped off her arms. But for this, she might have been a child playing at washing and imitating a poor working-woman with a quick observation of the truth. She had come running from some place in the neighbourhood and had made all the haste she could. Consequently, though she was very light, she was out of breath and could not speak at first, as she stood panting, and wiping her arms, and looking quietly at us. “Oh, here’s Charley!” said the boy. The child he was nursing stretched forth its arms and cried out to be taken by Charley. The little girl took it, in a womanly sort of manner belonging to the apron and the bonnet, and stood looking at us over the burden that clung to her most affectionately. “Is it possible,” whispered my guardian as we put a chair for the little creature and got her to sit down with her load, the boy keeping close to her, holding to her apron, “that this child works for the rest? Look at this! For God’s sake, look at this!” It was a thing to look at. The three children close together, and two of them relying solely on the third, and the third so young and yet with an air of age and steadiness that sat so strangely on the childish figure. “Charley, Charley!” said my guardian. “How old are you?” “Over thirteen, sir,” replied the child. “Oh! What a great age,” said my guardian. “What a great age, Charley!” I cannot describe the tenderness with which he spoke to her, half playfully yet all the more compassionately and mournfully. “And do you live alone here with these babies, Charley?” said my guardian. “Yes, sir,” returned the child, looking up into his face with perfect confidence, “since father died.” “And how do you live, Charley? Oh! Charley,” said my guardian, turning his face away for a moment, “how do you live?” “Since father died, sir, I’ve gone out to work. I’m out washing to-day.” “God help you, Charley!” said my guardian.